Let you know where this place is
The lowest-level principal like you
Will also appear here
bottom garbage
As soon as I heard you say that
I knew you were a watchdog of the Fang family
You can bark
So what else do you do?
How dare you scold
Stinky shrimp today is a big day for the Fang family
intolerable
Make trouble here
If I heard correctly
Just now, your eldest lady said that I was his favorite.
person
That's how you talk to your future husband
Such a long distance
How did he hear it?
There are dog things
You dare to joke about Miss Fangfang and reputation
Who do I think is so arrogant?
It's you, the stinky driver
Ma Shao, you know him too
Just outside
He molested my fiancee Xiangxiang in public
Today, I will teach him a good lesson
If you want to move him, go through me first